[Music]
also proving very popular at Southampton
Boat Show making her world debut is
Ceylon sea 4:30 now this is originally a
British builder now built in Germany and
you can see all the clever engineering
touches where the germs are put in a
common theme that the Boat Show has been
the outdoor living using the bathing
platform for access to the sea and the
sea 4:30 is no exception for example we
have this rather nice barbecue area here
and pop-up LEDs moving up here into the
aft deck there's a folding table nice
big area for entertaining but it's
inside the boat that you really see the
changes now those changes from the sea
lines we all know and love are really
quite dramatic just look at this saloon
you've got these big windows you've got
a sliding hardtop lots of windows set in
here as well and best use of space you
can actually turn this seat back like
that it will then drop down so to add to
the social area here there are several
cabin options available this particular
model is the three cabin version we're
in the forward cabin where there is this
scissor berth make a double pop two
singles aft
there's a full width owners cabin that
runs right across the middle of the boat
and there's a guest cabin to starboard
and each of cabins the two cabins have
ensuite facilities this is a solidly
engineered both there's very high safe
bulwarks here nice high rail and you can
duck in the side door here and steer the
boat with your head out in the breeze
now this particular boat is on the
market for five hundred and sixty-five
thousand pounds including v80 sterling
and we're told
then a flybridge version will be
available from January
[Music]